README.md, before:

## react-native-slider

[![npm version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/react-native-slider "View this project on npm")
[![npm downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/react-native-slider "View this project on npm")
[![npm licence](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/react-native-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/react-native-slider "View this project on npm")
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-ios%20%7C%20android-989898.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/react-native-slider "View this project on npm")

A pure JavaScript `<Slider>` component for react-native. This is still very much a work
in progress, ideas and contributions are very welcome.

![Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jeanregisser/react-native-slider/master/Screenshots/basic.png)

It is a drop-in replacement for [SliderIOS](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/sliderios.html).

## Install

```shell
npm i --save react-native-slider
```

## Usage

```jsx
'use strict';

var React = require('react-native');
var Slider = require('react-native-slider');
var {
  AppRegistry,
  StyleSheet,
  View,
  Text,
} = React;

var SliderExample = React.createClass({
  getInitialState() {
    return {
      value: 0.2,
    };
  },

  render() {
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <Slider
          value={this.state.value}
          onValueChange={(value) => this.setState({value})} />
        <Text>Value: {this.state.value}</Text>
      </View>
    );
  }
});

var styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    marginLeft: 10,
    marginRight: 10,
    alignItems: 'stretch',
    justifyContent: 'center',
  },
});

AppRegistry.registerComponent('SliderExample', () => SliderExample);
```

## Props

Prop                  | Type     | Optional | Default                   | Description
--------------------- | -------- | -------- | ------------------------- | -----------
value                 | number   | Yes      | 0                         | Initial value of the slider
minimumValue          | number   | Yes      | 0                         | Initial minimum value of the slider
maximumValue          | number   | Yes      | 1                         | Initial maximum value of the slider
minimumTrackTintColor | string   | Yes      | '#3f3f3f'                 | The color used for the track to the left of the button
maximumTrackTintColor | string   | Yes      | '#b3b3b3'                 | The color used for the track to the right of the button
thumbTintColor        | string   | Yes      | '#343434'                 | The color used for the thumb
thumbTouchSize        | object   | Yes      | `{width: 40, height: 40}` | The size of the touch area that allows moving the thumb. The touch area has the same center as the visible thumb. This allows to have a visually small thumb while still allowing the user to move it easily.
onValueChange         | function | Yes      |                           | Callback continuously called while the user is dragging the slider
onSlidingStart        | function | Yes      |                           | Callback called when the user starts changing the value (e.g. when the slider is pressed)
onSlidingComplete     | function | Yes      |                           | Callback called when the user finishes changing the value (e.g. when the slider is released)
style                 | [style](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html#style)    | Yes      |                           | The style applied to the slider container
trackStyle            | [style](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html#style)    | Yes      |                           | The style applied to the track
thumbStyle            | [style](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html#style)    | Yes      |                           | The style applied to the thumb
debugTouchArea        | bool     | Yes      | false                     | Set this to true to visually see the thumb touch rect in green.

---

**MIT Licensed**

Commit message:

Implement step to match SliderIOS

README.md, after:

## react-native-slider

[![npm version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/react-native-slider "View this project on npm")
[![npm downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/react-native-slider "View this project on npm")
[![npm licence](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/react-native-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/react-native-slider "View this project on npm")
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-ios%20%7C%20android-989898.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/react-native-slider "View this project on npm")

A pure JavaScript `<Slider>` component for react-native. This is still very much a work
in progress, ideas and contributions are very welcome.

![Demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jeanregisser/react-native-slider/master/Screenshots/basic.png)

It is a drop-in replacement for [SliderIOS](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/sliderios.html).

## Install

```shell
npm i --save react-native-slider
```

## Usage

```jsx
'use strict';

var React = require('react-native');
var Slider = require('react-native-slider');
var {
  AppRegistry,
  StyleSheet,
  View,
  Text,
} = React;

var SliderExample = React.createClass({
  getInitialState() {
    return {
      value: 0.2,
    };
  },

  render() {
    return (
      <View style={styles.container}>
        <Slider
          value={this.state.value}
          onValueChange={(value) => this.setState({value})} />
        <Text>Value: {this.state.value}</Text>
      </View>
    );
  }
});

var styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    marginLeft: 10,
    marginRight: 10,
    alignItems: 'stretch',
    justifyContent: 'center',
  },
});

AppRegistry.registerComponent('SliderExample', () => SliderExample);
```

## Props

Prop                  | Type     | Optional | Default                   | Description
--------------------- | -------- | -------- | ------------------------- | -----------
value                 | number   | Yes      | 0                         | Initial value of the slider
minimumValue          | number   | Yes      | 0                         | Initial minimum value of the slider
maximumValue          | number   | Yes      | 1                         | Initial maximum value of the slider
step                  | number   | Yes      | 0                         | Step value of the slider. The value should be between 0 and maximumValue - minimumValue)
minimumTrackTintColor | string   | Yes      | '#3f3f3f'                 | The color used for the track to the left of the button
maximumTrackTintColor | string   | Yes      | '#b3b3b3'                 | The color used for the track to the right of the button
thumbTintColor        | string   | Yes      | '#343434'                 | The color used for the thumb
thumbTouchSize        | object   | Yes      | `{width: 40, height: 40}` | The size of the touch area that allows moving the thumb. The touch area has the same center as the visible thumb. This allows to have a visually small thumb while still allowing the user to move it easily.
onValueChange         | function | Yes      |                           | Callback continuously called while the user is dragging the slider
onSlidingStart        | function | Yes      |                           | Callback called when the user starts changing the value (e.g. when the slider is pressed)
onSlidingComplete     | function | Yes      |                           | Callback called when the user finishes changing the value (e.g. when the slider is released)
style                 | [style](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html#style)    | Yes      |                           | The style applied to the slider container
trackStyle            | [style](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html#style)    | Yes      |                           | The style applied to the track
thumbStyle            | [style](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html#style)    | Yes      |                           | The style applied to the thumb
debugTouchArea        | bool     | Yes      | false                     | Set this to true to visually see the thumb touch rect in green.

---

**MIT Licensed**
